=pod

=head1 NAME

i2s_ASN1_UTF8STRING,
s2i_ASN1_UTF8STRING,
i2s_ASN1_IA5STRING,
s2i_ASN1_IA5STRING,
i2s_ASN1_INTEGER,
s2i_ASN1_INTEGER,
i2s_ASN1_OCTET_STRING,
s2i_ASN1_OCTET_STRING,
i2s_ASN1_ENUMERATED,
i2s_ASN1_ENUMERATED_TABLE,
- convert objects from/to ASN.1/string representation

=head1 SYNOPSIS

=for openssl generic

 char *i2s_ASN1_UTF8STRING(X509V3_EXT_METHOD *method,
                           ASN1_UTF8STRING *utf8);
 ASN1_UTF8STRING *s2i_ASN1_UTF8STRING(X509V3_EXT_METHOD *method,
                                      X509V3_CTX *ctx, const char *str);
 char *i2s_ASN1_IA5STRING(X509V3_EXT_METHOD *method, ASN1_IA5STRING *ia5);
 ASN1_IA5STRING *s2i_ASN1_IA5STRING(X509V3_EXT_METHOD *method,
                                   X509V3_CTX *ctx, const char *str);
 char *i2s_ASN1_INTEGER(X509V3_EXT_METHOD *method, const ASN1_INTEGER *a);
 ASN1_INTEGER *s2i_ASN1_INTEGER(X509V3_EXT_METHOD *method, const char *value);
 char *i2s_ASN1_OCTET_STRING(X509V3_EXT_METHOD *method,
                            const ASN1_OCTET_STRING *oct);
 ASN1_OCTET_STRING *s2i_ASN1_OCTET_STRING(X509V3_EXT_METHOD *method,
                                         X509V3_CTX *ctx, const char *str);
 char *i2s_ASN1_ENUMERATED(X509V3_EXT_METHOD *method, const ASN1_ENUMERATED *a);
 char *i2s_ASN1_ENUMERATED_TABLE(X509V3_EXT_METHOD *method,
                                const ASN1_ENUMERATED *e);

=head1 DESCRIPTION

These functions convert OpenSSL objects to and from their ASN.1/string
representation. This function is used for B<X509v3> extentions.

=head1 NOTES

The letters B<i> and B<s> in B<i2s_ASN1_UTF8STRING>() stand for
"internal" (that is, an internal C structure) and "ASN.1" respectively.
So B<i2s_ASN1_UTF8STRING>() converts from internal to string.

=head1 RETURN VALUES

B<s2i_ASN1_UTF8STRING>() return a valid
B<ASN1_UTF8STRING> structure or NULL if an error occurs.

B<i2s_ASN1_UTF8STRING>() returns the pointer to a UTF-8 string
or NULL if an error occurs.

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright 2020 The OpenSSL Project Authors. All Rights Reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License 2.0 (the "License").  You may not use
this file except in compliance with the License.  You can obtain a copy
in the file LICENSE in the source distribution or at
L<https://www.openssl.org/source/license.html>.

=cut
